DataGrid: add Disable Editing section (#4455)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/20 Editing/45 Disable Editing/10 Disable Editing.md

> DataGrid includes API that allows users to disable editing data within specific elements. In the sections below you can see how to prevent editing in a separate colum, row and cell. 

Reviewer: "allows users" - the word "users" may be confusing as it can refer to "end-users" of the application. So I would say "developers" or "you". 

"disable editing data" - a complicated phrase. I would say it's a little "grammatically confusing". Kind of feel like you "disable data". And that "data" has an adjective "editing". For comparison, consider the phrase "display running totals". Long story short, an easy fix is to just say "disable data editing".

"within specific elements" - sounds like you can view and edit data in different types of elements. But it's always data cells in the end, when it comes to editing. So I wouldn't use that phrase. I would mention rows, columns, and cells right away.  

```suggestion
DataGrid includes API that allows you to disable data editing within certain columns or rows, or within individual cells. The following sections demonstrate how you can use that API. 
```
